## Intro

Botox is a lightweight, high level wrapper around the Amazon Web Services API.
It leverages the excellent and comprehensive
[Boto](http://boto.readthedocs.org/en/latest/) library.

Boto closely mirrors the AWS API structure, and as such has spots that could
use smoothing over -- many common tasks require extra work.  Boto**x** is an
attempt at said smoothing over.

It's BSD licensed and supports Python 2.6+.

## Features

* Want a list of all instances in your account? No more manually looping over
  your account's "reservations" first, simply instantiate an `AWS` object and
  look at its `instances` generator attribute.
* Simple instance creation, complete with 'Name' tag updating, automatic AMI
  lookup based on ID, VPC security group name (not just ID) support, etc.
* Straightforward instance name access via `<instance>.name` (vs looking up the
  'Name' tag every time) and renaming via `<instance>.rename(new_name)`.
    * These are currently implemented by :monkey:patching but this may change
    in the future :pensive:
* Instance termination which can look up the instance to destroy by name or ID,
  and automatically renames the terminated instance -- avoids namespace
  conflicts during rapid create-test-destroy-recreate cycles.
* Automatic proxying of unfound attributes to the actual Boto connection object
  (so anything Botox isn't tweaking can still be accessed easily.)

## Development

Botox is in the very early stages of development; the API is being felt out and
we're rapidly adding more feature targets (e.g.:
create/list/destroy/attach/mount EBS volumes). We may also start soliciting
patches and/or feedback from peers who have similar internal codebases.

## Coming soon

* Aforementioned EBS support
* Actual, you know, docs
* Some sort of (probably optional) integration with a task runner like
  [Invoke](https://github.com/pyinvoke/invoke) so you can
  create/list/delete/etc from the command line.
